README.md, before:

# UVa Progamming Contest Solution

This repository contains my python solutions to some [UVa contest problems]((https://uva.onlinejudge.org)), 
it started while solving most of the problems sugested by [Algorithm Design Manual by Steven S. Skiena](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1849967202),
and I've continue solving more.


## Videos 

- [ ] CSE373 - Analysis of Algorithms (25 videos)
    - [Skiena lectures from Algorithm Design Manual](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFjhkohHdAA&list=PLOtl7M3yp-DV69F32zdK7YJcNXpTunF2b&index=1)

- [ ] [UC Berkeley 61B (Spring 2014): Data Structures (25 videos)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFPmKGIrQs4&list=PL-XXv-cvA_iAlnI-BQr9hjqADPBtujFJd)

- [ ] [UC Berkeley 61B (Fall 2006): Data Structures (39 videos)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4BBB74C7D2A1049C)

- [ ] [MIT 6.006: Intro to Algorithms (47 videos)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtSuA80QTyo&list=PLUl4u3cNGP61Oq3tWYp6V_F-5jb5L2iHb&nohtml5=False)


## Websites

Some useful websites with info about common competitive programming algorithms:

- [khanacademy.org: algorithms](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-science/algorithms/)
- [Algorithmist.com](http://www.algorithmist.com/)
- [GeeksforGeeks.org](http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/top-10-algorithms-in-interview-questions/)
- [Github: google-interview-university](https://github.com/jwasham/google-interview-university)
- [UVa Online Judge](https://uva.onlinejudge.org)


## More Solutions

Repositories containing more solutions in several languages:

- C
    - [https://github.com/dtompkins/uva-online-judge/](https://github.com/dtompkins/uva-online-judge/) (C)
- C++
	- [https://github.com/goldenpython/Contests](https://github.com/goldenpython/Contests) (C++)
	- [https://github.com/morris821028/UVa](https://github.com/morris821028/UVa) (C++)
	- [https://github.com/ajahuang/UVa](https://github.com/ajahuang/UVa) (C++)
- Go
	- [https://github.com/codingsince1985/UVa](https://github.com/codingsince1985/UVa) (Go)

Commit message:

Added Data Structures book link

README.md, after:

# UVa Progamming Contest Solution

This repository contains my python solutions to some [UVa contest problems]((https://uva.onlinejudge.org)), 
it started while solving most of the problems sugested by [Algorithm Design Manual by Steven S. Skiena](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1849967202), and continued from there.


## Videos 

- [ ] CSE373 - Analysis of Algorithms (25 videos)
    - [Skiena lectures from Algorithm Design Manual](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFjhkohHdAA&list=PLOtl7M3yp-DV69F32zdK7YJcNXpTunF2b&index=1)

- [ ] [UC Berkeley 61B (Spring 2014): Data Structures (25 videos)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFPmKGIrQs4&list=PL-XXv-cvA_iAlnI-BQr9hjqADPBtujFJd)

- [ ] [UC Berkeley 61B (Fall 2006): Data Structures (39 videos)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4BBB74C7D2A1049C)

- [ ] [MIT 6.006: Intro to Algorithms (47 videos)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtSuA80QTyo&list=PLUl4u3cNGP61Oq3tWYp6V_F-5jb5L2iHb&nohtml5=False)


## Websites

Some useful websites with general info about algorithms or competitive programming:

- [Wikibook: Data Structures ](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Data_Structures)
- [khanacademy.org: algorithms](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-science/algorithms/)
- [Algorithmist.com](http://www.algorithmist.com/)
- [GeeksforGeeks.org](http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/top-10-algorithms-in-interview-questions/)
- [Github: google-interview-university](https://github.com/jwasham/google-interview-university)
- [UVa Online Judge](https://uva.onlinejudge.org)


## More Solutions

Repositories containing more solutions in several languages:

- C
    - [https://github.com/dtompkins/uva-online-judge/](https://github.com/dtompkins/uva-online-judge/) (C)
- C++
	- [https://github.com/goldenpython/Contests](https://github.com/goldenpython/Contests) (C++)
	- [https://github.com/morris821028/UVa](https://github.com/morris821028/UVa) (C++)
	- [https://github.com/ajahuang/UVa](https://github.com/ajahuang/UVa) (C++)
- Go
	- [https://github.com/codingsince1985/UVa](https://github.com/codingsince1985/UVa) (Go)
